SotM 2020 sponsorship brochure
* add in the art bits

The State of the Map Conference (SotM) in Cape Town, South Africa, brings together the brightest and most active members of the OpenStreetMap (OSM) surveying and development community for an intense exchange of results and ideas that strengthens the project and ensures its continued success.

Founded in 2004, the OpenStreetMap enables millions to contribute up to date information about their neighbourhood and locations. By making this geospatial data available for free under an open license, it has revolutionised the way we see, use and sell map data and services.

State of the Map enables you to keep up to date with the changing <fast moving> geospatial industry. It provides a fantastic opportunity to meet the wide community of software developers, volunteers and users. By bringing these groups together in one place the future of OSM is strengthened.

Your sponsorship helps keep State of the Map affordable to the widest possible audience. Sponsors are an integral part of the conference. Don't miss this opportunity to present your organisation to thought leaders and community activists from around the world.

The OpenStreetMap Foundation and our host, the University of Cape Town, organise the State of the Map Conference (SotM), 3 - 5 July 2020 in Cape Town, South Africa.

SotM addresses and builds bridges <art stuff here, communicate, visualise, design> between OSM mappers and community activists, open source developers, researchers from universities, and academic institutions, designers and cartographers, as well as GIS professionals from private and public institutions. The conference will offer a common ground to people from various backgrounds and disciplines to meet and exchange knowledge, experiences, plans and ideas on the development, use and improvement of OSM. We expect between 300 and 400 participants from all over the world.

Right before hte SotM, the HOT Summit 2020 will take place at the same location and is also hosted by the team. The HOT Summit is the annual conference of the Humanitarian OpenStreetMap Team (HOT). HOT is global community supported by an international NGO dedicated to humanitarian action and community development using OpenStreetMap. If you are also interested in supporting this conference please contact summit@hotosm.org. Many visitors with a humanitarian and development background will furthermore be present at SotM and increase the diversity of our conference.

Sponsorship packages

Exhibition space in the main hall
Placement of leaflets in conference rooms
Special appreciation
Opening session
Job offer board
Presence on the state of the map website
Conference guidebook
Sponsors banner
Slides shown in a rolling presentation during the breaks
Tweet from @sotm
Complimentary conference passes

If you are interested in Platinum level sponsorship we would be delighted to discuss a custom form of appreciation.

Corporate discounts
As a thank you to our OSM Foundation tiered corporate members we are delighted to offer a 25% discount on all State of the Map sponsorships up to the same level as your OSM Foundation membership. Your largest eligible discount also applies to higher State of the Map sponsorship packages. For example, OSM Foundation Gold membership entitles you to 25% off all State of the Map packages up to Gold, and Euro3,750 off Platinum (where Euro 3,750 equates to 25% of the value of Gold).

Exhibition spaces
State of the Map 2020 will provide a space for exhibition stands. This is perfect for showing off your services and providing a visible place to start conversations with delegates. If your sponsorship level includes this we will contact you closer to the time to provide all the details.

Scholarship programme
To ensure an accessible and diverse conference we provide scholarships world wide to professionals, researchers, students and accomplished community members. As a sponsor you'll be helping to bring talented people to the conference who otherwise couldn't afford the trip. The more you are able to sponsor the more scholars we can invite to State of the Map and the HOT Summit!

Don't see what you want?
Please let us know in which way you would like to support us. Apart from the above mentioned offers we will be happy to negotiate a customised sponsoring according to your wishes. Please contact us at sponsor-sotm@openstreetmap.org.

Past sponsors
logos

Local support
images
Kartoza, City of Cape Town


Greetings from the community
image
